Thank You Victor with the help of
Hornets play-by-play announcer Emilio
Peralta on the Spanish network we're
going to be interviewing Gustavo Ayon
for the very first time on CST I've got
the questions I'll ask him in English
and in Spanish Emilio will interpret for
us Gustavo how have you been adjusting
to life in America como se I ido
augustana a la vida en américa bueno la
vida America's algo muy diferente al
okay mi paisa lo que vivió ten otras
ocasiones y muy agradable no la ciudad
me encanta la comida la co NHO or
Lance's buena place nah muy feliz de
estar aqui he saying he will like to
live in New Orleans and he really
enjoying the food and in freely
different from the other country that he
used to play before mexico in spain and
nice he really like in New Orleans I
want to talk to you now about increasing
your role on the Hornets which has
happened recently habla acerca de su
papel cada vez mas en los hores notin su
vida como la minute ensue vo2 Pavelka
moment alone bueno yo que este un
proceso que que tengo que ayer pasando
por poco es una temporada poco a typical
mediocre ganando la confianza el
entrenador de todo el cuerpo tena koe no
en logo para el equipo no te pueda hacer
las las cosas bien para el equipo de
history no he saying this he knows a
slow process you need to be patient and
slowly step by step win gain the
confidence from the coach and estar ahi
das beste like systema a step process
step by step process there is increasing
on a game-by-game basis Gustavo you just
a third player in the history of the NBA
from Mexico who did you admire growing
up usted está en el tercer jugador en la
NBA nunca de Mexico a kien add Mira
creciendo Poirot creciendo alvis escola
es un joven argentino de que no momentum
me tocaba ver muchas gracias con el
la equipo magikano con la selección y
bueno es un orgullo hacer el tercer
mexicano en la nieve a a por por dia
para nosotros es muy difícil para pasar
salir de no de nuestro pais y estar en
la novela honest mess important the play
that he really admires is Louis's colon
he he sold which is called a plane in
Spain and that was the play he grew up
watching he saying also he's really
proud of in the third Mexican and the
NBA because being from Mexico leave the
country to go to another country in this
case has pains Spain is really different
isn't difficult Gustavo thank you for
joining us best of luck this season
gracias por estar con nosotros en el
mejor de los suerte en esta temporada ok
muchas gracias thank you very much
Emilio Peralta thank you very much
Victor good thing I took all those years
of spanish in high school tonight they
finally paid off Roberto movie